[Music]
because I start somewhere with your
hunting technique um although there's no
sign yet of the mother she must be
nearby this cup is still wholly
dependent on her for food and protection
[Music]
what are their chances it's not a
leopard it's the leopard I was hoping to
see the mom with young cub the moment
you set eyes on them you know they you
know many disappear back into the
shadows
they've gone like a breath but it's
worth continuing the stakeout with a cub
this young and a plentiful supply of
prey this pair will likely return as
night falls there's still no sign of the
leopard but suddenly after five hours
the mother returns and this time she's
brought dinner an adult female Impala
leopards are one of the most efficient
hunters in the bush that doesn't mean to
say they always get their way there
they're not endurance hunters
you know leopards are the only big cat
that pulls Emile up into a tree like
this and they do so only in areas where
there's a lot of competition from
predators on the ground hyenas and lions
specifically just think of the power it
takes to carry a carcass which is going
to be weighing 25 30 kilos and to carry
that up a tree holding it in your mouth
using your claws to get into position
they're not the biggest of big cats but
I tell you what they are so strong
[Music]
you